I have the following python scripts, all but one are a demo of a rover transversing terrian, losing gps signal, then only being able to continue if 3 or more agents are within COMM_RANGE of the rover and the agents avoid the jamming area, and go back to their previously non-jammed coordinates. the other python script (2-2D_multilateration.py) is a demo of multilateration, or finding the location of a rover given the known positions of 3 or more agents and given distances between each agent and the rover. what i want to have happen is to merge these two scripts. The rover logs its position while it is not jammed, and the agents try to stay within COMM_RANGE = 7 units of the rover. when the rover becomes jammed, it will stop, and agents will move close until they are at least MEAS_RANGE = 5 units from the rover. from here the agents use multilateration to find the rovers position and the dotted circles and radii are shown on the matplotlib. when the rover's gps is jammed or denited, it only continues moving when the rover recieves a new posistion from the multilateration, and each iteration of the simulation the rover will check for a position - if it is not jammed then simply record position, if it is jammed/denied then wait for multilateration. I also want to keep track of constraints such as no two drones/agents can be within MULTI_AGENT_DIST=2 units of each other when doing multilateration calculations, if an agent needs to get close to another agent to navigate into a multilateration position then that is fine. add the the constraints and other configurations in config.py. I want to also clarify that i want to have mlat.py created to have all multilateration related functions so that the sim simply needs to import them rather then makeing the file larger. what is the full code for all files that need to be modified or updated?

I have also uploaded my current code to solve this problem. sim_helpers.py, rover_helpers.py, and sim.py please add the missing code and fix any issues. Don't worry about rag_store for now, that file and functionality will be updated later



I am trying to split the following python script into multiple files i have attatched the current files if have so far made but i need to complete them. please complete them while keeping the functionality of the original file and have a main rover_sim.py that i run and it runs everything. Don't worry about rag_store, rover_helper_functions, and sim_helper_functions, i have taken care of these and they can simply be imported, i moved sim_helper_functions to sim_helpers and rover_helper_functions to rover_helpers and have made config.py, data_management.py, and movement_control.py, i really just need to update agent_control.py and rover_control.py and make the main script.



I am trying to split the following python script into 2 or more multiple files i have attatched the current files if have so far made but i need to complete them. please complete them while keeping the functionality of the original file and have a main rover_sim.py that i run and it runs everything. Don't worry about rag_store, rover helper functions (rover_helpers.py), and sim helper functions (sim_helpers.py), i have taken care of these and they can simply be imported. I overall want a config.py, and a sim.py for the overall simulation.